feat: allow fields remapping in JSON logs (#843)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/logging.md

    [Kubernetes Logging Architecture](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/logging/)
    documentation.

> !!! Info
>     `level` and `ts` fields can be renamed with `log-field-level` and `log-field-timestamp`
>     CLI flags should you log ingestion system require it.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! Info
    The `level` and `ts` field names can be renamed via the `log-field-level` and
    `log-field-timestamp` flags of the operator controller, should your log ingestion
    system require it. All you have to do is edit the `Deployment` definition of the
    `cloudnative-pg` operator.

```
